In this video, the
composition of the
visualization screens used by the
application will be described. To access them, we will
double-click on "Vis_Principal" or, if we are not
using the development environment, we will use a web browser
and the address http, IP of the controller,
port 8080 and the page name
"webvisu.htm". Well, a visualization screen is composed of four
sectors: a top sector where
you can choose the robot you want
to interact with. Then, there is also a
set of buttons to request entry into
one working mode or another, some
indicators that show the active working mode, the
Cartesian coordinates of the robot, the angle of the
auxiliary rotation axis (if the robot has one),
the active coordinate system, and
the cycles per minute of that robot. In the
left section, we will have what is
the button panel to navigate through
all the panels included in the application.
The default panel is "Configuration," where
we can assign values to
a series of parameters that will
allow us to configure the general
behavior of the application. Through the
"Automatic" button, we will enter the panel
where information related to the automatic
working mode will be shown,
just like with the "Learning" and
"Impulses" buttons. With the "Recipes" button,
we will access a specific panel
to manage what are
the recipes (loading, editing, deleting
recipes) and also to configure all
the application parameters to their
default value. In the "Alarms" panel,
we will have a view of the 10 active alarms
at this moment and a summary of the
status of each of the robots
used. Finally, we have access to
a series of specific panels that
are in the template used to
build the Multirobot application development platform.
These visualization panels have been
kept as they are because they might be
interesting if the application is expanded.
To return to the
visualization panels, we go to "Vis_Navigation"
and click on "Go to Application".
Finally, we can choose the language of the
visualization panels through a series
of flags: this would be in Spanish, English, and also
in Portuguese.
The central panel
changes according to the
button pressed at any
moment. And finally, we have a
right section that will show the
information of the hardware elements
of the controller, that is, digital inputs and
outputs, or emergency inputs. In the specific case of
viewing the "Automatic" panel, we will see, in addition, the content
of the displacement logs
for the pick and place belts. And that's all.